### Claim Activities

The configurations in this section are related to claim processing. To start an
activity, click the appropriate link to open its window as shown in the
screenshot below:

<img  alt="Claim Activities" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri18.png"> 


## Claim Movement

Claim movement commences after running members benefits to confirm correct
allocation of interests to members accounts followed by a member initiating a
claim which is then listed on the Movements window.

To initiate a claim for a member, navigate to the members register and select
the member record from the list. Click the **Movements** tab to access the
**Initiate Movement/Claim** tab as shown in the following sample screenshot:

<img  alt="Claim movement" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri19.png"> 


Clicking **Initiate Movement/Claim** link will load an exit form (see the
following screenshot) where configurations for processing the claims are set.
Fill the form with the required details and then click the **Confirm Exit
Documents Checklist** button (as shown in the next screenshot but one) to
confirm receipt of relevant documents from the member.

After confirming that the documents we received by the scheme administrator,
click the save button to proceed with the claim process.

<img  alt="Initiate Movement/Claim" width="80%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri20.png"> 


Below is the **Exit Documents Checklist** window. Select a document from the
list and double click each item to confirm receipt of the document, otherwise
click the **Receive Document** button to upload the document.

<img  alt="Exit Documents Checklist" width="80%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri21.png"> 


A successful configuration of exit form and confirmation of receipt of relevant
claim documents, is noted on the status column where a member’s status is
changed from **Active** to **On Notice** as shown in the following screenshot:

<img  alt="Documents status" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri22.png"> 


## Movement Processing

Clicking the **Movement Processing** link will open the Movement Processing
window where all the initiated claims are listed awaiting verification and
benefits calculation as shown below:

<img  alt="Movement Processing window" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri23.png"> 


## Benefits Calculation

Clicking the **Show Benefits Calculation** link from the Benefits Calculation drop-down menu will load the Withdrawal Benefits Calculation form for a selected member from the list. This will show all the member’s benefits tabulations as shown in a sample screenshot below:

<img  alt="Show Benefits Calculation" width="70%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri24.png"> 

Next, click the **Proceed Now** button on the Withdrawal Benefits Calculation
form to process the payment and save the records awaiting certification towards
disbursement of moneys from the scheme accounts. See the illustration below:

## Claim Payments

After claim processing, all claim records for different members under different
retirement reasons are listed in the Claims Payment window awaiting disbursement
of moneys.

To view all claims ready for payment, click the **Claim Payments** link to open
the Claims Payment window. Locate the **Process Payments** drop-down menu to
send the selected claim for payment or unprocess the claim among other options
in the list.

On the other hand, clicking the **Register** drop-down menu will give you access
to a window where all effected payments are listed. See the screenshot below:

<img  alt="claim payment" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri25.png"> 


### Finance Register

After claim processing and payment of benefits to members, all the payments
transactions are saved in a **Finance Register**. To check records of payments,
from the **Registers** drop-down menu, select **Payments** link from the Finance
Registers sub menu as shown in the previous screenshot to open the Payments
window.

Clicking the **Payment Processing** drop-down menu will allow a selected payment
from the list to be certified, posted to ledger or rejected among other actions
as shown in the following screenshot:

<img  alt="payment register" width="95%" height="auto"  class="center"  src="../media3/contri26.png"> 
